Roy King (1894–1941) was a fighter ace in the Australian Flying Corps (AFC)
during World War I. He was credited with twenty-six victories in aerial combat,
making him the second most successful ace in the AFC after Harry Cobby, and the
fourth highest-scoring Australian ace of the war. A civil pilot and engineer
between the wars, he served in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) from 1939
until his death. King initially saw active service as a lighthorseman in Egypt
in 1916. He transferred to the AFC as a mechanic in January 1917, and was
commissioned that year as a pilot. Posted to No. 4 Squadron, he flew Sopwith
Camels and Snipes on the Western Front. He scored seven of his victories in the
Snipe, more than any other pilot. His exploits earned him the Distinguished
Flying Cross, the Distinguished Service Order, and a mention in despatches.
Returning to Australia in 1919, King spent some years in civil aviation before
co-founding a successful engineering business. He joined the RAAF following the
outbreak of World War II and held several training commands, rising to the rank
of group captain shortly before his sudden death in November 1941 aged
forty-seven.

The Beatles were an English rock band that formed in Liverpool, in 1960. With John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr, they became widely regarded as the greatest and most influential act of the rock era. Rooted in skiffle, beat and 1950s rock and roll, the Beatles later experimented with several genres, ranging from pop ballads and Indian music to psychedelic and hard rock, often incorporating classical elements in innovative ways. In the early 1960s, their enormous popularity first emerged as "Beatlemania", but as their songwriting grew in sophistication they came to be perceived as an embodiment of the ideals shared by the era's sociocultural revolutions.

The Beatles built their reputation playing clubs in Liverpool and Hamburg over a three-year period from 1960. Manager Brian Epstein moulded them into a professional act and producer George Martin enhanced their musical potential. They gained popularity in the United Kingdom after their first hit, "Love Me Do", in late 1962. They acquired the nickname "the Fab Four" as Beatlemania grew in Britain over the following year, and by early 1964 they had become international stars, leading the "British Invasion" of the United States pop market. From 1965 onwards, the Beatles produced what many critics consider their finest material, including the innovative and widely influential albums Rubber Soul (1965), Revolver (1966), Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (1967), The Beatles (commonly known as the White Album, 1968) and Abbey Road (1969). After their break-up in 1970, they each enjoyed successful musical careers. Lennon was shot and killed in December 1980, and Harrison died of lung cancer in November 2001. McCartney and Starr, the surviving members, remain musically active.

According to the RIAA, the Beatles are the best-selling music artists in the United States, with 178 million certified units. They have had more number-one albums on the British charts and sold more singles in the UK than any other act. In 2008, the group topped Billboard magazine's list of the all-time most successful "Hot 100" artists; as of 2014, they hold the record for most number-one hits on the Hot 100 chart with twenty. They have received ten Grammy Awards, an Academy Award for Best Original Score and fifteen Ivor Novello Awards. Collectively included in Time magazine's compilation of the twentieth century's 100 most influential people, they are the best-selling band in history, with estimated sales of over 600 million records worldwide.